Of course I'm here to see you one last time
In fact, when I think of you
Then you don't belong to me anymore
I'm very uncomfortable
I cried and begged him for a long time
He wouldn't. He pushed me off.
It's true. It's true.
What I explained is
The young master has found the servant that night
He said Miss Xia was looking for 10 million
It seems to be a breakup fee
Young grandma is afraid that you will be sad
Just take it and don't let him see it
you
Lying makes people lie
Continue to scold the young lady if Miss Xia can't get the money
When I saw you coming, I deliberately biked downstairs
No, yes.
What good things do you have now?
What do you mean, you must be this traditional person?
Otherwise, you wouldn't have known I was investigating this.
Sorry for the police
I just love you so much
I'm so afraid of losing you
I've been misunderstanding
Speaking to ask for leave
You are the one who will do anything for your love
No.
This Life
I admit it.
At the beginning
I did it for the money.
But get along slowly
I found that I really fell in love with you
actually
Give me another chance.
You almost killed my child
How can I give you a chance?
From today onwards
I don't want to see you again.
True God
Dare to calculate the money of my Lu family and get out of here with my son
Auntie, don't forget
We are on the same path now
If you dare to cross the river and tear down the bridge
We'll shake all grandma's hands out
you